Add on-scroll attribute to annoref shortcode (#658)
thegetty/quire: packages/11ty/CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

> ### Added
> - Adds scroll interactions to `ref` shortcode
> - Adds rotation animations to image sequences referenced using the `ref` shortcode
> 
> ### Changed
> - Rename `annoref` shortcode to `ref`, remove `figureRef`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Scroll interactions to `ref` shortcode
- Animation to image sequences referenced using the `ref` shortcode

### Changed

- Renames `annoref` shortcode to `ref`

### Removed

- `figureRef` shortcake (replaced by `ref` shortcake)

```
